 i am creating a automatic time table generator for college means i only choose the branch like btech cse, eee like this and semester. in this i can add teacher, subject, classroom and remove also. i have theory, lab classes. theory classes are 55 min and lab are 110 min. lunch time in between 12.35 to 2.25. one teacher can teach multiple subject. most important thing is don't overlap any classes, teacher and in one day a subject can't read teach twice. every day minimum one and maximum 2 labs are allowed. in labs no one subject teach twice. in lab if number of students are greater than 70 then it divided into two groups g. group A1 has half students and A2 have other half of students. one group can do one lab and other group do another one lab at the same time. all the code i want in html, custom css and bootstrap and php. no other language or other frameworks add.i strictly tell all the thing do in only html, css, bootstarp and php. but you do in type script why ???i want all the back end code in php, for database use my sql and html, css and boot starp. and time table not generating give some dommy code by yourself and generate. and add one thing monday to friday class if need saturday can add otherwise saturday all are "consiultancy hour" and in all the day one "consultancy hour" mandatory max can added "consultancy hour". timing start from "8.40 AM to 5.10PM". max class in one day is 7 classes in one day. all branches start timing is not same e.g b.tech cse staring time is 8.40, mca 1st semester starting time is 9.50 and mca 3rd semester starting time is 10.45(this is just a example).i strictly tell all the thing do in only html, css, bootstarp and php. but you do in type script why ???.i want all the back end code in php, for database use my sql and html, css and boot starp. and time table not generating give some dommy code by yourself and generate. and add one thing monday to friday class if need saturday can add otherwise saturday all are "consiultancy hour" and in all the day one "consultancy hour" mandatory max can added "consultancy hour". timing start from "8.40 AM to 5.10PM". max class in one day is 7 classes in one day. all branches start timing is not same e.g b.tech cse staring time is 8.40, mca 1st semester starting time is 9.50 and mca 3rd semester starting time is 10.45(this is just a example).give me a beautiful home and about faq page and feedback form page add design and some attractive gradiant
